Linux kernel
============

This file was moved to Documentation/admin-guide/README.rst

Please notice that there are several guides for kernel developers and users.
These guides can be rendered in a number of formats, like HTML and PDF.

In order to build the documentation, use ``make htmldocs`` or
``make pdfdocs``.

There are various text files in the Documentation/ subdirectory,
several of them using the Restructured Text markup notation.
See Documentation/00-INDEX for a list of what is contained in each file.

Please read the Documentation/process/changes.rst file, as it contains the
requirements for building and running the kernel, and information about
the problems which may result by upgrading your kernel.

---

# Kernel Compilation Guide for Droidian

This document provides instructions for compiling the kernel for Droidian. For comprehensive steps, please refer to the [Droidian Porting Guide](https://github.com/droidian/porting-guide/blob/master/kernel-compilation.md).

## Compilation Process
Follow the steps in the guide to compile the kernel. After completion, locate the `boot.img` file in the `out/KERNEL_OBJ/` directory. This file is generated by executing `RELENG_HOST_ARCH="arm64" releng-build-package` in the Docker environment.

## API ZIP
use then api29 zip from droidian [ci-images](https://github.com/droidian-images/droidian/releases)

## Helper Scripts and Assets
The `helper` directory contains scripts and assets for post-installation on Droidian devices. Included is a script for configuring the power button to turn on the screen.

## Power Button fix
run the below command through ssh to fix the power button
```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DeadPool-4422/kernel_realme_RMX2001/droidian/helpers/power-button/script.sh && chmod +x script.sh && ./script.sh
```

### WiFi Setup Instructions
- Connect the Droidian device to a Linux system via USB.
- Use `dmesg` to find the RNDIS IP address of the Droidian device.
- SSH into the device (e.g., `ssh droidian@10.??.??.82`). Default password: `1234`.
- Activate WiFi: `echo S | sudo tee /dev/wmtWifi`.

### Setting Up Phosh and Udev Rules
- Apply phosh fixes:
  ```bash
  sudo apt install curl && curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NeelamArunkumar/droidian-script/main/droid-script.sh | sudo bash
  ```
- Set up udev rules and prepare for phosh on the next restart:
  ```bash
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NeelamArunkumar/droidian-script/main/70-denniz.rules -O - | sudo tee /etc/udev/rules.d/70-denniz.rules > /dev/null
  ```

### Reminder
Have a great day ahead!

---
